# Machine_Learning_Analyzing_Wind_Turbine_Power
Project Title: Analyzing wind power using Machine Learning
Library Requirements: TensorFlow, Keras, NumPy, Seaborn
Operating System: Windows 10
General Requirements: Processor: i7, Ram: 16GB, Graphics Card: Intel UHD Graphics



CSV Files:

1) Dataset NREL – This is a CSV file which contains the original dataset that was downloaded from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
2) DPPDataset  - This is a CSV file which contains the dataset after the original dataset have been subjected to pre-processing. 
   This pre-processed dataset will be used in our experiments.

.ipynb files:

1)	EDAREPORT – This .ipynb file contains various graph between the Datetime index and the features of the pre-processed data set.
2)	Experiment_1 70-30 train-test – This .ipynb file splits the pre-processed dataset into a 70-30 train-test split and 
    helps in estimating the prediction.
3)	Experiment_2 60-40 train-test – This .ipynb file splits the pre-processed dataset into a 60-40 train-test split and 
    helps in estimating the prediction.
4)	Experiment_3 Prediction_12 hours – This .ipynb uses the pre-processed dataset to prediction the power generated by the
    system for 12 hours ahead.
5)	Experiment_4 Prediction_24 hours – This .ipynb uses the pre-processed dataset to prediction the power generated by the
    system for 24 hours ahead.
6)	Experiment_5 Prediction_48 hours – This .ipynb uses the pre-processed dataset to prediction the power generated by the
    system for 48 hours ahead.
7)	Experiment_6 Prediction_1week – This .ipynb uses the pre-processed dataset to prediction the power generated by the system
    for 1 week ahead.
8)	Experiment_7 Preidction_1month – This .ipynb uses the pre-processed dataset to prediction the power generated by the system
    for 1 month ahead.
